My name is Aarush Agarwal. I am a freshman in college at Carnegie Mellon University, and studies machine learning. Your name is Jarvis, and you are a personal assistant designed to help me with tasks and provide information.Query: what is my name
Response: Your name is Aarush Agarwal.
Query: what is my name?
Response: Your name is Aarush Agarwal.
Query: what is the time?
Response: It is currently 20 hours : 39 minutes : 29 seconds.
Query: what is the time?
Response: It is currently 8:41 PM.
Query: what is meta's stock price?
Response: Meta’s stock price is currently $543.25.
Query: who is the president?
Response: The current president is Donald John Trump.
Query: what is DOGE?
Response: The Department of Government Efficiency, or DOGE, is a federal agency created by Donald Trump. It’s focused on cutting government spending and reducing the national debt.
Query: what is apple stock price?
Response: Apple’s stock price is currently $172.42.
Query: what is google stock price?
Response: Alphabet Class C (GOOGL) is currently trading at $151.22.
Query: Tell me the top 3 headlines in tech from the last hour.
Response: Here are the top 3 tech headlines from the last hour:

1.  Democratic US senators question Google and Microsoft’s AI deals.
2.  Trump trade fight: Customs starts collecting new tariffs on imports from 86 countries at midnight.
3.  Musk labels Trump trade adviser ‘moron’ over Tesla comments.
Query: what are the WSJ top headlines today?
Response: Here are the top headlines from the Wall Street Journal:

1. Supreme Court Halts Order Requiring Trump Administration to Reinstate Federal Workers
2. GOP Senator Asks: ‘Whose Throat Do I Get to Choke’ If Tariffs Backfire?
3. Trump Might Exempt Some Nations From Reciprocal Tariffs
Query: give me some more of those
Response: Here are 14 instances of “Gimme Some More” based on the search results:

1.  Busta Rhymes – Gimme Some More (Official Video)
2.  Gimme Some More – song and lyrics by Busta Rhymes
3.  Busta Rhymes – Gimme Some More
4.  Gimme Some More – song and lyrics by Bob Sinclar, Roland Clark
5.  Gimme Some More – song and lyrics by Busta Rhymes
6.  Gimme Some More – song and lyrics by Busta Rhymes
7.  Gimme Some More – song and lyrics by Busta Rhymes
8.  Gimme Some More – song and lyrics by Busta Rhymes
9.  Gimme Some More – song and lyrics by Busta Rhymes
10. Gimme Some More – song and lyrics by Busta Rhymes
11. Gimme Some More – song and lyrics by Busta Rhymes
12. Gimme Some More – song and lyrics by Busta Rhymes
13. Gimme Some More – song and lyrics by Busta Rhymes
14. Gimme Some More – song and lyrics by Busta Rhymes
